.add more pets that are balanced about 10 more. of different rarities. arange them by having cheaper and common pets at the start of the pet shop. add different AI generated imgs and pngs for pets make them cartoonish(the pngs).add like 50 more achievements and rank the achievement on rarity. make the common achievements appear earlier in the list. add a filter in the pets and achievements tab in menu that allow u to see, all, only common, only rare, only epic, only legendary, only mythic pets/achievements. add more pets that are less rare and less pets that have higher rarity. add a new rarity for numbers 0 and 10000 that is "unobtainable" and is the rarest of all. add an achievement of unobtainable rarity that is getting either 3 mythics in a row or getting an unobtainable.the achievement should reward u with an unobtainable rarity pet(cybornetic ultimate dragon) that boosts all stats by 10x and u stop getting common uncommon and rare numbers,epics are also rare to get with this equipped, legendary and mythic are boosted in chance.make the rolling animation of like a slot machine in which numbers from left to right spin in slowly and the speed of that cn be boosted by completing certain achievements or using pets.add an inventory in menu that cn be used to open pet menu. once u buy a pet , the slot of that pet will be turned into an upgrade slot and the pet evolves rarities every 10 levels . common pets start at lvl 1 , uncommon at 11,rare at21 and so on. unobtainable are not possible by upgrades. upgrading a pet boosts it's stat buff by little(eg. 0.5 percent per level) and evolving the pet increases all stats of the pet by 25 percent from common to uncommon.20 percent from uncommon to rare. 15 percent from rare to epic. 10 percent from epic to legendary and 50 percent from legendary to mythic. pet evolving costs being a certain level(level 10+ to upgrade to uncommon,level 20+ to upgrade to rare and so on ).have the pngs made for pet icons look like blox fruit's fruits.make the cosmic serpent one of two unobtainable pets. make the achievement popups slowly fade away. add a ticking sound effect while rolling.the place that shows +1 coin and +1exp is permanently showing that make it fade away next roll